my imagination
favorite seconds away finish line
loses my does space plum it's pretty bad
but on the westward what are you doing
here anyways
I'm getting ready for the big race this
weekend and why bother you alright I
really don't need any more practice hey
Andrew you can't even enter it's a
father-son race you don't even have a
man I'm uh I'm sorry don't worry I got
it covered
I'd hate to see what happens to the rest
of that guy Andrew the material on this
hand is an exact duplicate of human skin
so how come it's not burning I've been
working on a new flame-retardant gel
that is twice as efficient as ones
currently in use
this will provide resistance to any
flame up to half an hour you must have a
lot of confidence in it if you need a
fake hand
Andrew anytime you experiment with fire
you must take precautions looks like a
greasy extremely so who's gonna want to
wear it I mean you go out on a date with
that stuff then you're gonna look I know
this has been invented specifically for
test pilots and then then firemen and
anyone who's at extreme risk so it's
okay if the rest of us just go up in
flames Andrew did you want something
yeah what are you doing this weekend I
am preparing this gel for a weekend
symposium so you're going away for the
weekend yes unless they're calling it a
weekend symposium just to throw me
alright have fun thank you um is that
the whole weekend
or maybe just one day on the weekend
what's on your mind
well there's this bike race I've sort of
been training for it great if you want
any nutritional point is I'm a wizard
high protein drinks the problem is that
it's a father and son bike race I guess
yes I'll let you get back to your work
you know Andrew this jail isn't really
quite ready how would it be if I ride in
a father-and-son bike race with you with
you I love it
or gel really is ready for the symposium
isn't it yes it is
thanks dr. Jay
I'm starved Oh on the other hand now you
only get weighed down when you're in
training kids I'm sorry I guess that
means more 20 minutes ago I'm this close
to closing a deal that's gonna bring us
a really big Commission that's great
news for our bank balance but bad news
for my stomach honey if I get this
commission I'll take you and Erin out to
your favorite restaurant but for now
what looks good the door I can't eat
this stuff mom eats it sticks for
storage preservatives in excess salt
I need complex carbohydrates whole
grains fresh fruit vegetables you ever
consider boarding school I hear the
food's great there I'm in training
that's right how's it going
dr. J is gonna be my partner in the race
honey that's great
you make a list of the things you're
gonna need and I'll pick them up for you
after I get these contracts done thanks
mom oh and pick up some polish for the
winner's trophy yeah it was Dan now on a
father-son race once really yeah he was
a great guy we went camping he'd take me
to ball games
and when he and mom would go out i i'd
always pretend to fall asleep on the
couch so he'd have to carry me upstairs
do you think one will ever get married
again I don't know maybe she meets the
right guy
looks excellent thank you I started by
inflating the tires and then realize it
might need a little more than that it's
starting to look as good as chasing
spike Jason yeah I told them you were
going to be my partner in the race Jason
is in son of Kyle Buchanan that's one
the guy who agonizes over whether he
looks better at 160 or 161 yeah he and
Jason have won the race the last three
years when I have dinner at his house
the trophies a centerpiece it's getting
a little old I think this year he may
have a little run for his money I think
that centerpiece might be changing
houses this year yeah we're training for
the father-son bike race
to see families doing things together
you have a very nice-looking boy he's
not really Maya thank you
what about dr. Grainger he's not your
mom's tight
yeah but he's rich that's important to
adults
what about mr. Baxter
you don't want to know I think it's time
for Plan B head a little orange better
kawin resistance
like this
Andrew do you remember all those talks
we had about not abusing your power sure
well pick one and repeat it to yourself
looks like we got here just in time yeah
I'll give you a hand oh that's okay mr.
Buchanan Andrew you know better call me
Kyle hey Jeff Jeff that's what I said
Jeff so jason tells me that you're
entering the race with Andrew I sure AM
and we a guide you know I gotta give you
credit risking your life like this
risking my what
that's a tough course it's a dangerous
course a treacherous course it's man's
course that's right son come on
I gave him an 8 are you kidding he's
wearing white socks with black pants
humor me
I'd like to have at least one 8 today
now that guy's an easy 10 yeah 10 years
old mom needs a real man
how about Jason Buchanan's dad Kyle I
think I've got a better idea
hi mr. green this is Erin Clemons
are you trying to win a race or commit
suicide mom you can't wear that we
didn't know they had a dress code for
bike races you can't go into bike race
why not I have a piano recital no no
honey that's next week I guess I forgot
to tell you it was changed we promised
Andrew we go to the races
so really specially said it's okay MA go
to the recital you owe me one
no this is it yep I have something for
you oh thanks but if I eat another one
of those protein wait no it's not that
yeah perfect
thanks dr. Jake thank you
hey dr. J they wore uniforms by mistake
funny guy Andrew funny guy let's see if
you can keep on laughing after you
finished the 10th mile I'll barely be
working up a sweat I guess that's one
advantage of being slow slow we don't
know the meaning of
great how about you never thought I'd
feel so good at this point the race
top Jay the starter gun is still smoking
so how do you think we're doing so far
theoretically it would be better if
everyone was behind us
where is everyone
I don't know they must be late you sure
the recitals today sure look how I'm
dressed
hi mr. green iron this is my mom nice to
meet you
nice to meet you too
can you believe the nerve of that guy
saying I wasn't fit enough to be in the
race dr. J we are talking about a man
whose wife used to fetch his paper every
morning all right I do now gone next to
Metz is to reach Kyle and Jason and pass
I don't know I'd be satisfied with being
close enough to see them win and review
admit defeat will conquer you if you
don't drink water you die
brilliant Andhra
you're not thirsty
deadweight let's go
so what do you think so far well all
those recitals go it's a little quiet
yeah
I think I'll go outside and see if
anyone else has shown up thought you
might like to look these over
are these Aaron's lesson books I'd
really like to find out what kind of
music you're interested in I'm kind of
partial to jazz that's a tall order for
a beginner beginner I've been listening
to it all my life
well listening is one thing but I think
we can work something out
I'm sorry this weekend is all taken up
how about Tuesday night excuse me
just to get started mr. green don't you
think you're getting a bit ahead of
yourself do you want to learn how to
play the piano or not play the piano I'm
here for a recital for a recital Erin
said that you were interested in piano
lessons she did
where we want their Street wait Jenny
losing ground to us look at Kyle's face
what'd he see real strong job no fear
he's weakening I tell ya
victory is ours I can taste it
I know he's resort on savory tactics Oh
Aaron I forgot to tell you invited your
friend Randy over for dinner tonight
ronny partiz jerk
I thought you liked him mom we should
check with me first this could be
embarrassing I certainly wouldn't want
to put you in that position guess you
figured out there's no reason uh-huh I
just thought you might want to meet
someone thanks for trying honey I know
what you're trying to do but you can't
just throw two people together these
things take time
but when I met Danny Finnegan I knew
right away that's a little different
baby not a lot different how long do you
think it will take
I don't know
if I fall asleep on the couch would you
carry me upstairs
when you cone on that
it's time to use my superpowers
oh you think I'm tired
dr. G
Hey
don't be fake
grab the rock dr. J
I can't reach it
say you are you doing
I'm gonna pull you up
don't shoot
I don't think it's gonna hold much
longer
see deal
come on
don't go just a few more feet
okay
are you okay that's weird thing like
that a time like this
you almost pirate just now I let you
down what it's gonna be a little
difficult to win the race now that's
okay okay we wanted to beat Kyle and
Jason yeah but we race together that's
what counts
I'm sorry Andrew I really wanted to win
that trophy before
hey I got something
well there's one good thing about being
last yeah at least we don't have a
listening kyles victory speech
maybe we should start practicing but
what next year's race
hi honey hi sorry you guys lost well we
don't look at it that way the head of
the judges feel we had a great time it
was exciting scary the intense feel like
our day huh
I had a kind of a rough day myself